NIP-96: no transform (#1262)
nostr-protocol/nips: 96.md

The `server` MUST link the user's `pubkey` string as the owner of the file so to later allow them to delete the file.

> `no_transform` is used to replicate a file to multiple servers for redundancy, clients can use the [server list](#selecting-a-server) to find alternative servers which might contain the same file. When uploading a file and requsting `no_transform` clients should check that the hash matches in the response in order to detect if the file was modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`no_transform` can be used to replicate a file to multiple servers for redundancy, clients can use the [server list](#selecting-a-server) to find alternative servers which might contain the same file. When uploading a file and requesting `no_transform` clients should check that the hash matches in the response in order to detect if the file was modified.
```
